feat (cluster): [webapprouting] replace Traefik/NGINX with Gateway API (Istio meshless/Envoy) (#459)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: docs/deploy/05-bootstrap-prep.md

      - `containerRegistryName` - which you'll use in future steps when connecting the cluster to the container registry.

1. Import the TLS sync pod image to your container registry.

>    > :book: Public container registries are subject to faults such as outages (no SLA) or request throttling. To minimize these risks, store all applicable container images in a registry that you control, such as the SLA-backed Azure Container Registry. The TLS sync pod image must be available before cluster creation because Flux deploys it immediately during bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > :book: Public container registries are subject to faults such as outages and request throttling. Public registries typically have no SLA. To minimize these risks, store all applicable container images in a registry that you control, such as the SLA-backed Azure Container Registry. The TLS sync pod image must be available before cluster creation because Flux deploys it immediately during bootstrapping.
```

Author: done dc1b46d
